A preparation that is used to stimulate the body's immune response against diseases.

Vaccine effectiveness is a measure of how well vaccination protects people against outcomes such as infection, symptomatic illness, hospitalization, and death. Getting vaccinated against COVID-19 can lower your risk of getting and spreading the virus that causes COVID-19. Vaccines can also help prevent serious illness and death. A widespread disease prevalent over a whole country or the world.

COVID-19 is a pandemic. Poverty is a state or condition in which a person or community lacks the financial resources and essentials for a minimum standard of living.

689 million people live in poverty and make less than $1.90 a day. Climate change is a change in global or regional climate patterns, in particular a change attributed largely to the increased levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide produced by the use of fossil fuels.

Climate change threatens the lives and livelihoods of billions of people. It creates natural disasters, environmental degradation and extreme weather patterns disrupt harvests, deplete fisheries, erode livelihoods and spur infectious diseases. Child labour is ​​the use of children in industry or business, especially when illegal or considered inhumane.

Victims of child labour can suffer from long-term health problems due to malnutrition, exposure to chemicals, abuse, injuries, exhaustion and psychological harm. COVID-19 is a disease that killed millions of people. Prejudice, stereotyping, or discrimination, typically against women, on the basis of sex.

Over 80 percent of women have reported to have experienced sexual harrassment. Prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against a person or people on the basis of their membership in a particular racial or ethnic group, typically one that is a minority or marginalized. Wildlife populations have fallen by more than two-thirds in less than 50 years.

Some of the biggest threats to wildlife include illegal wildlife trade, habitat destruction, invasive species, pollution, and climate change. A child dies from hunger every 10 seconds. Poor nutrition and hunger is responsible for the deaths of 3.1 million children a year—that’s nearly half of all deaths in children under the age of 5. Globally, 822 million people suffer from undernourishment.



